Hello.
This is Oxana Wilcox from
Qualcomm Technologies.
I am a part of a Snapdragon and
IOE product organization.
We at Qualcomm Technologies are excited
about the future of IOT Space.
You saw Gans describing auto,
healthcare, and
smart home applications
in the previous lesson.
You may have your own great ideas in
this and also other IOT verticals.
Well the good news is that we at Koke
have the right set of technologies in our
portfolio to help you successfully
develop your IOT projects and our
groups mission is to make some of those
technologies easily accessible to you.
You must have heard about
the Qualcomm Snapdragon processors
that are commonly found in
millions of mobile phones.
Qualcomm technologies have selected
certain chip sets from its extensive
portfolio of Snapdragon processors, and
included them in our
embedded computing program,
which enables easy access to these
processors and associated technologies.
As part of this program, Snap Dragon
processor based community boards,
modules, or
some single board computers and
development kits are available for
sale from select companies.
These products are available off
the shelf through online sales channels.
All through custom orders
through these companies.
There's no need to get
an additional agreement from
Qualcomm technologies to procure them for
your projects or products.
In addition there are multiple operating
systems supported on this platforms.
An extensive documentation and
training such as this USTDIOT
course available online to enable ease
of use and faster development time.
Software is also available for these
processors from online sources such as
developer.qualcomm.com and
96boards.org, our community site.
And finally,
to meet the IoT connectivity needs,
these processors come with WiFi,
Bluetooth, and GPS connectivity.
One such example product
is DragonBoard 410c.
This product comes from Arrow Electronics,
who are the manufacturer and
distributor of DragonBoard 410c,
based on one of the Qualcomm material
processors called Snapdragon 410.
This board could be used for evaluation,
prototyping, and development.
Once you decide that Snapdragon
410 is the right processor for
your commercial product, there are many
options available from providers like
Arrow, eInfochips, Intrinsic,
Inforce Computing,
that can be used to integrate
Snapdragon processors in your product.
For more information on these processors,
please do this at our developer site,
Developer.qualcomm.com.
I hope you will enjoy the hands on
experience with the Dragonboard 410 C,
during this specialization.
And we look forward to seeing exciting
Capstone projects in the very near future.